boobs you uh sorry did i just say it out
loud
well they said we couldn't do it louis
but here we
here we are finally out of the water
living normally the
sunshine the hot the hot sunshine oh
i'm sweating tommy i need some water
this
this oxygen's giving me what's give me
terrible wind actually blow me tommy
call me down that's it i'm trying to do
this i'm
i i can't keep this up all day i just
keep blowing
it was your stupid idea in the first
place now look at us
sweating the fish don't sweat louis
exactly
forget it i'm getting back in the water
oh
no that spices uh
oh i think i got that last mouse too
fast oh it's repeating on me
oh why do i do it every time i'm not
even in a rush
uh oh if sandra's got any gaviscon
oh i feel like i'm having a heart attack
oh
i think that's it that's the last one oh
that's better
oh i'm never eating one of those again
oh a mouse
[Music]
you